# 3D-image-recognition-of-IOT-conveyor-belt

*** Image recognition; Tear detection; Depth camera; Intelligent monitoring systems

*** In the development of modern industrial production, belt conveyors are an indispensable facility in the module for conveying materials, and they exist in common application scenarios in industries such as minerals, chemicals, coal-fired power plants and transport. When operating in complex environments, the most frequent problems of belt breakage and tearing failures occur due to wear and tear, sharp materials, etc. If they are not dealt with in a timely or appropriate manner, they are likely to lead to chain production safety accidents and cause huge losses. Therefore, fault detection for belt conveyors is a key maintenance priority in industrial production.

*** This topic has been investigated and researched in terms of the operating conditions and operating environment of the physical conveyor belt, and it was found that designing an intelligent monitoring system for the entire site is highly implementable. The monitoring of conveyor belt faults, as well as the analysis and comparison of the data, was achieved by training conveyor belts in different states of wear, tear and rupture under the YOLOv1, YOLOv5 and Faster-RCNN models, and by measures such as Mix-up data processing and the addition of attention mechanisms. In addition, the 3D recognition function of the depth camera is used in combination with 2D image recognition to achieve 3D location monitoring of the target, and the Fast Forward mpeg is used to achieve sound, light and voice alerts for the monitoring results. The final monitoring screen is designed with a GUI interface, visualising the integration of image, video and real-time monitoring functions.
